fix: don't double up on timestamps in managed logs (#691)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/changelog.rst

- ``BuildInfo`` is replaced with
  :external+craft-platforms:class:`craft_platforms.BuildInfo`

Fixes
=====

> - Logs generated by the inner instance of the provider service will no longer feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logs generated by the inner instance of the provider service no longer include
```
